♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ The weekend comes,
my cycle hums ♪
♪ Ready to race to you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rocking and rolling
all week long ♪
(organ solo plays
over rhythmic handclaps)
♪ Sunday, Monday, happy days ♪
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
happy days ♪
♪ Thursday, Friday, happy days ♪
♪ Saturday, what a day ♪
♪ Groovin' all week with you ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
♪ These happy days ♪
♪ Are yours and mine ♪
♪ These happy days are yours ♪
♪ And mine , Happy Days! ♪
(chanting):
Two, four, six, eight,
who did we annihilate?
Sally's Knit and Yarn Shop!
Hey, hey, hey!
We won, we won!
I don't believe it!
(whistle blows)
Ten-hut!
Whose ball is that?
That figures.
It'll probably end up
being a meatball tomorrow.
Now hear this.
You're looking at the
new Acting Sheriff.
Acting Sheriff?
Yeah, Kirk took over after
the untimely death
of Sheriff Flanagan.
That's the last time he'll
change a tire without a jack.
From now on, when you see this
badge, you'll snap to attention.
Is that clear?
ALL (mumbling):
Yes, sir.
I can't hear you!
CROWD (shouting):
Yes, sir!
That's better.
Do you call that attention?
I was a 4-F.
Suck in that stomach,
push out that chest,
pull in that nose.
Forget it... you've
done all you could.
"To all concerned:
"This is no longer
a wide-open town.
"The following hood elements
are expected to be out of town
"in 24 hours.
"Rocky Baruffi."
(murmured agreement)
"Knuckles Schultz."
That's even better--
he's really mean. Yeah.
"Fonzie Fonzarelli."
What?!
RICHIE:
Come on, not Fonzie.
I wouldn't want to be the one
to tell Fonzie to leave town.
What's that?
I said I wouldn't want
to be the one to tell
Fonzie to leave town.
You got the cap, you got
the badge, you do it.
You have been hanging around
these kids too long.
A little kitchen inspection
will straighten you out,
4-F draft dodger.
I got a deviated septum.
Evans, don't ever
do that to me.
Kitchen duty is a little bit
out of our territory,
Who is the sheriff?
You are.
Remember that.
KIRK:
All right, inspection!
Move it out! Now!
Hup two, hup two, hup!
Move it out!
(music playing on jukebox)
POTSIE:
Crazy.
What's that guy got
against Fonzie?
You know, somebody
ought to stand up to that bully.
You're right.
Hello? Give me
the White House.
Hello, Ike...
Hang up the phone, Ralph.
I just hung up
on the president.
(girls shrieking)
Hold it.
Hey, girls,
when you're doing that,
I want to hear, "Fonzie, Fonzie,
he's our man" with gusto!
A little life!
GIRLS:
Fonzie, Fonzie...!
Fonz, Fonz, you've
got to bend down.
You got to hide-- we'll talk
to you in your office.
I want to tell you something:
Sure.
This this better be important,
or you're going to leave
my office through the pipes.
Bending ain't cool.
Cunningham...
It's okay to
stand up now.
Thank you very much.
I tell you something,
this better be important,
you know, because three
cheerleaders in the hand
is worth a lot more than
three nerds in a john.
Fonz, Sheriff Kirk's
been looking for you.
Hey, I don't know that?
He's like my shadow.
I lost him this morning
in the cemetery
when his fender
hit a tombstone.
That's a good one, Fonz.
(loud knocking on door)
KIRK:
Open up in the name
of the law!
What do we do?
Open up! He's going
to throw tear gas!
My eyes get all red.
Let him in, cops have
a right to use the john.
♪ He's a bird ♪
♪ He's a dog... ♪
Hello, Kirk.
Hey, listen, bring your car
by the garage sometime,
I'll get the granite out
of your grill.
What are you doing
in here anyway.
Oh, we're playing
basketball.
Hey, put your arms
out like this.
What?
Two points.
(laughing)
Knock it off,
knock it off!
Why aren't you guys
in the army, anyway?
We're in high school.
That's no excuse,
you pinkos!
March it out of here!
Get it out.
Come on, Malph,
you can't live in there!
Get it out of
there, Malph!
Move it!
Hup, two, three, four,
hup, two...
That man sees
pinkos everywhere.
What is wrong with Kirk?
Oh, whoa.
Well, power makes him crazy.
I was in the Marine
Corps with him.
And he tries to take every
town single-handed.
San Diego, Chula Vista,
Oceanside...
All right, Fonzarelli,
assume the position
and don't try any
funny business.
All right, but if you tickle me,
I'm going to slap your face.
"Eileen Kirk, Granite 9..."
That's my daughter's name!
What is my daughter's
name doing on that wall?
Oh, I'm just kidding,
it ain't up there.
It's in the Yellow Pages.
Ten-hut!
What's that
in your pocket?
Oh, yeah,
that's just a...
Just reach in there with
two fingers, Fonzarelli,
and bring it out slowly.
Watch him, Evans.
(chuckles)
Well, well, well,
carrying a concealed weapon:
The switchblade.
I never would have
believed it.
(imitating Kirk):
Yeah, well, well, well,
you caught me with
the goods, didn't ya?
Yes, we did, Fonzarelli.
You're gonna spend a little
time in the big house.
Yeah, yeah, that's cool.
'Cause I'm going to be
the first man locked up
for carrying a concealed comb.
You see, Kirk, knives ain't
cool, but combs are, huh?
Heyyy...
I gotta wash my hands.
Get out of here,
Cunningham!
Hey, wait a minute,
wait a minute, wait a minute,
when did washing hands
become against the law?
All right, you got away
with it this time,
but you mark my words,
I'm going to run
you out of town.
What did Fonzie do wrong?
I don't like
the way he looks.
I'm hurt.
And I don't like
the way he dresses.
Hey, just for that, I'm gonna
date your daughter.
I'm gonna nail you,
Fonzarelli.
I'm going to stick
to you like glue.
I'm going to know
every move you make.
Hey, that's great,
maybe you're going
to learn something.
I'm sorry, Fonz.
Heyyy...
KIRK:
Evans, move it out!
I can't stand here all
day waiting for you!
You're bugged, Fonz?
After all those jokes
you were cracking?
He is pushing me.
I can't let him see that,
but he is pushing me!
I can't let him get
away with that.
Well, don't worry, Fonz,
because I'm on your side.
He's gone too far, I'm going
to do something about this.
All right...
you just don't get
yourself in trouble, Red.
No, no, I am really steamed, and
this calls for drastic action.
I'm writing a letter to the
editor of the Milwaukee Journal.
That kid is a savage.
HOWARD:
Will someone tell me
what's going on here?
Hey, wait a minute,
what's the television set doing
in the middle of the room,
and why is my chair over there?
Well, you know the
piano's coming tomorrow.
Yeah, but Marion,
if I wanted my
chair over there,
I would've put it
there 20 years ago.
I'm going to make a lot of
money giving piano lessons.
First, she needs a student.
No, first I need the piano.
Listen...
Oh, dear, come on over
here and sit down...
Oh, Dad.
and make yourself comfortable.
Put your feet up.
Everything is just the same.
All right, all right.
There's your chair.
There's your paper.
There's your life.
Hey, hey, Mom, Dad,
guess what?
The newspaper's gonna print
my letter to the editor.
That's wonderful.
Yeah, I want you
to hear it.
Listen to this:
"Dear Editor..."
You moved the furniture.
Boy, he'll write a
letter about anything.
RICHIE:
Mom...
Uh, dear.
"Dear Editor, are we
going to sit idly by
"while newly-appointed
Sheriff Kirk
carries on his reign
of terror?"
Kirk took over
for Flanagan?
Yeah, Flanagan got
it changing a tire.
Splat! Ooh!
Joanie!
Richard, go on, dear.
RICHIE:
Right.
"Will we let Kirk's
zealous, selective
enforcement tactics..."
I'm discovering new words.
Good, good.
Go on, Mr. Webster.
"Will we let...
will we let Kirk's
"zealous, selective enforcement
tactics continue?
"Citizens of Milwaukee, our
rights are being threatened.
"Will we stand for this?
I say no!"
No.
No, no.
Wait a minute,
wait a minute.
Tell me something, what have
you got against Kirk?
Well, he's been
harassing Fonzie.
He wants to run
Fonzie out of town
because he says
he's a hood.
Arthur a hood?
Now that's just silly.
He eats all his vegetables.
Marion, we have
a problem here.
Dad, I think you're
going to have to try
and do something
about this.
Well, now, what do
you suggest I do?
Well, you could bribe him.
What?!
Kidding.
Dad, I think you should
call a special meeting
of the Leopard Lodge.
You're always saying how
influential they are.
Oh, they are.
Who put the net at the
bottom of Lover's Leap?
Richard, has Sheriff Kirk
stepped outside the law
in this thing with Fonzie?
Well, no, but he's
driving Fonzie crazy.
And Fonzie's talking about doing
something pretty desperate.
Oh, listen, Richard,
you're overreacting
to this whole thing.
Fonzie is perfectly capable
of handling the situation.
(doorbell rings)
Oh, who is it?
Fonzie.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Fonzie, I almost
didn't recognize you.
Arthur, you look so...
What a lovely tie.
Yeah, I, I came down
to borrow one of, uh,
Mr. C's funny shirts,
you know, with the collars and
the buttons and the cuffs and...
Would you ask him not
to stare at me?
He likes tweed.
Sit down, Richie.
Well, Arthur, aren't you
going to tell us
why you're getting all spiffy?
Well, Officer Kirk,
you know, he follows me
up to Inspiration Point.
Does he just
stand there and peek?
Hey, worse.
He tries to give
my chicks tickets
for lewd and
indecent behavior.
Fonz, dressing up like
this isn't right.
It's like you're giving up.
Giving up nothing.
I got a date with the Hooper
triplets tonight, you know?
Dressed like this,
Officer Kirk's gonna
leave me alone.
So will the Hooper triplets.
They'll adjust.
Fonz, if you do this tonight,
then Kirk will beat you.
So will the Hooper triplets.
Listen, Fonzie,
you don't have to do this.
I can call a special meeting
of the Leopards
and we'll get
Kirk off your back.
So will the
Hooper triplets.
Joanie!
Joanie...
I can't help it.
He looks like
Harold Snyder.
(laughs)
Harold Snyder, it's true.
All right, all right,
all right.
Now wait a minute,
wait a minute-- who?
Harold Snyder.
He's the creepy kid
in my class with a runny nose.
All right.
That does it for this
costume right here.
Give this
to Harold Snyder.
Tell him
to wipe his nose.
I must have been crazy!
The Fonz changes for no man!
Hey! Oh!
RALPH:
Watch my Dad, he's so quick.
He's the best
at this game.
Look at him.
(laughs)
Well, Fonzie's
not here yet.
Well, we better
start the meeting.
He can testify
when he gets here.
All right,
fellas, come on.
Okay...
(gavel bangs)
This special meeting
of the Citizen's Committee
of the Leopard's Lodge
will now come to order.
I got a good one for you.
Why did the moron put
the chicken in hot water?
Why?
Because he wanted
hard-boiled eggs.
(cackles)
Great one!
Yeah, uh, Ralph,
would you and your dad
please sit down, huh?
We have a lot
of fun together.
(tapping gavel)
Fellas...
Please, it's getting late
and we've got to get this
meeting going on now.
We've got some very important
business to discuss here.
Right, right-- we've got
to make a decision
about these
bowling shirts here.
No, wait a minute--
we're here to discuss
the Sheriff Kirk problem.
We've got to make
a decision on these
bowling shirts tonight
or it's going to wind up
like last year,
shirts versus skins.
If I'm not "shirt,"
I'm not bowling.
Now he's not
allowed to talk.
He's not even a Leopard.
That's right,
you're a pledge.
(mouthing)
HOWARD:
All right, now,
look, fellas,
please, we've got
to discuss this
business of Sheriff Kirk
harassing Fonzie.
You mean
I gobbled my dinner
because some hood
is being harassed?
He's entitled
to the same rights
as any other member
of this community.
Well, I think a cop
is doing a good job
if he's picking on a hood.
Yeah, but what's
to stop that cop
from picking on
any one of us?
He wouldn't dare.
HOWARD:
All right, look,
now, we'll start
the testimony.
Potsie, you start off.
Huh? Oh, all right, uh...
I'll take
a medium bowling shirt.
Okay, Potsie,
that's fine.
Ralph, why don't
you talk?
Let Ralph go ahead.
Yeah.
(clears throat)
Last night, Fonzie came
up to Inspiration Point
with the Hooper triplets:
Happy, Joy, and Sunny.
Happy, Joy, and Sunny?
Believe me, Mr. C.,
they are.
Come on, Ralph.
This meeting is
supposed to be
about Sheriff Kirk.
He's harassing Fonz,
and he's not supposed to be
able to get away
with bullying people.
This is a democracy.
Didn't we learn our lesson
with Senator McCarthy?
I voted for
Senator McCarthy!
(doorbell rings)
I wonder who
that could be.
I don't vote,
I'm in business.
Well, you should vote.
I want to tell you
something right now.
MR. MALPH:
I'm in business; I vote.
(all talking at once)
(whistle blows)
This looks like
a 6-14 to me.
But we're just
having a meeting.
Unlawful assembly.
Well, what's
unlawful about it?
No American flag.
What?
Oh, this is a joke, right?
(both laughing)
Aren't you Malph,
the optometrist?
That's right.
I'm Mickey Malph.
You have that sign outside
your office, don't you?
You mean my neon eyeball?
It sticks out too far.
Take it down.
Take down my eyeball?
Oh, no.
I love that
eyeball, Dad.
It was a wedding
gift from my aunt.
Sit down, Malph.
Yes, sir.
You too, Mickey.
Al, forget about
dancing in your place.
I'm canceling your permit.
What permit?
And Bob, forget about
double-parking your hearse.
But how am I going to
make my deliveries?
Couldn't happen
to any one of us, huh?
Oh, and, uh, Cunningham...
You don't have to tell me,
my loading zone is cancelled.
Right.
Yeah.
It's now a bus stop.
All right, I guess that covers
everything for now.
Any questions?
Well, I suppose that
breaks up the meeting.
Wait a minute,
wait a minute.
We could still go
to the mayor.
Yeah, you go to the mayor.
Nobody touches my eyeball.
I'm in business.
Well, Mr. C.,
don't give up yet.
I'm going to talk
some more to my dad.
Yeah, I'm going
to talk to my dad, too.
It'll be the first
time in six months.
How long you gonna
keep this up, Kirk?
KIRK: Until this town
is rid of Fonzarelli
and everybody like him.
What is it?
What have you
got against him?
I don't like
the way he looks,
and I don't like
the way he dresses.
Oh, that's ridiculous.
So is your hat.
♪ La, la... ♪
Now, wait a minute,
wait a minute.
I don't understand
everything you're saying,
but I'm getting your drift.
Kirk's trying to get to me
now, through my friends.
I know what I gotta do.
Don't do anything
rash, Fonz.
Yeah, yeah-- do me
a favor, will you?
You tell Kirk to meet me down
at Arnold's 12:00 midnight.
Sharp.
I'll take
care of this.
I'll take care...
Al?
Where are you, Al?
Where's Al?
I asked for some privacy.
There are some people
that trust the Fonz.
(snickers)
I guess this is
a showdown, Kirk.
I'm ready, Fonzarelli.
I'm ready.
You don't scare me.
Al?
Officer Evans?
Maybe we ought to talk
about this outside
on the street,
in a crowd, out there.
Why don't you just
cool it, Kirk?
"Cool it"?
What does that mean?
That means why don't you grab
yourself together here?
I'm going to leave town tonight.
You're leaving town?
Wait a minute,
this is a trick.
Hey, there are no tricks.
You lay off my friends,
I'll leave town.
You mean, if I leave
your friends alone...
That's right,
as long as Mr. C.
gets back his loading zone,
I'll leave town.
He'll get his
loading zone.
Hey, don't point at me.
That's not polite.
They all said you
were so tough.
You're a beaten man,
Fonzarelli.
Whatever you say, Crew Cut.
You are the last
of the ducktails
and leather jackets.
Oh, yeah?
What about me, Kirk?
You run Fonzie out of town,
I'll be taking his place.
If you've come looking
for a one-way ticket
out of Milwaukee, you
came to the right place, fella.
You might even run me
out of town, Kirk,
but there'll be another one
to take my place.
And another one!
You won't be able
to get rid of us.
They'll come
from all walks of life:
Store owners.
Children.
Teenagers.
Housewives.
They'll be everywhere, Kirk.
Merchants and townspeople.
Until, at last, there'll be
a sea of leather jackets,
and they'll put an end
to tyranny and injustice
throughout the world.
Whoa, I feel like
I'm in a World War II movie
and the sky's full of planes.
What is this?
What is this,
some kind of a Commie plot?
We're not Commies, Kirk,
and we're not hoods,
and neither is Fonzie.
What gives you the right
to decide how people
should look and how they
should live their lives?
Who died and left you boss?
Sheriff Flanagan.
Now, this is all
unnecessary, folks.
All unnecessary.
Hey, hey,
hey, hey...
Fonzarelli here has
volunteered to leave town.
(group murmuring)
Hey, hey, hey, hey--
hold it, hold it, hold it.
I see I've got
a lot of friends here.
I decided to stay.
Hello, neighbor.
All right.
All right, you people
got to make up your minds.
You've got to choose.
You've got to
choose between him
and your loading zones.
And your eyeballs.
And your hearse! Yeah.
You gotta choose,
right now! Choose!
Bad choice!
I've got to tell you
something, Kirk.
We're having a private little
get-together her.
Unless you have a warrant,
I don't think
you're particularly invited.
Al, I'm ticketing you
for unlawful assembly.
I got my flag...
and my dance permit.
What am I supposed
to do with this?
Sit on it, Kirk.
There we go!
(crowd cheering)
Hey, uh...
I gotta tell you something.
I really thank you very much
for what you did for me,
you know?
Yeah, well, you know,
we didn't really
do it just for you;
we did it
for ourselves, too.
Hey, hey, I know that,
I know that.
But, uh... I'm very happy.
You know, grateful.
Yeah.
Touched.
And, uh, I tell you,
I wish I had a camera right now
to take a picture of you,
'cause this is the last time
I want to see you dressed
like me, 'cause you look silly.
♪ Bye-bye, love ♪
♪ Bye-bye, happiness ♪
♪ Hello, loneliness ♪
♪ I think I'm gonna cry ♪
♪ Bye-bye, love... ♪
Yeah... yeah, okay,
thanks for calling us,
Officer Evans.
Yeah, bye-bye.
Boy, I tell you, that Evans
is one good policeman.
You know he went
right to the mayor,
told him the whole story,
and now Kirk
is a crossing guard
at the Madison
Elementary School.
Great, a bunch of little kids
will learn how to march.
Well, I'm glad we're going
to get another sheriff.
I'm glad I'm not losing
my loading zone.
I'm glad I didn't lose
the Hooper triplets.
Come on,
now that dinner's over,
let's try out the piano.
Oh.
Good.
I am taking requests.
(plays glissando)
How about "Rock Around
the Clock," Mom?
That's a little
after my time, Joanie.
Yeah. Sweetheart, play
my favorite, will you?
"Moonlight Bay."
(piano plays)
"Moonlight Bay" coming up.
♪ Along... ♪
That's it.
MARION & HOWARD:
♪ On moonlight bay ♪
♪ Not the river but the bay ♪
♪ We could hear
the voices singing ♪
♪ They seemed to say ♪
♪ Seemed to say,
seemed to say ♪
♪ You have stolen my heart ♪
♪ Now don't go 'way... ♪
I love middle-class
families.
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
♪ These are th e Happy Days. ♪
♪ Good-bye, gray sky,
hello, blue ♪
♪ There's nothing can hold me
when I hold you ♪
♪ It feels so right,
it can't be wrong ♪
♪ Rockin' and rollin'
all week long ♪
♪ These days are ours ♪
♪ These happy days
are yours and mine ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org